charset,UTF-8

//Error Message
error.appinit,An error occurred while starting the application.\nIn order to acquire more detailed information, please change the "Use exception handler" setting.
error.apprun,The application was terminated because an internal error occurred during execution.\nIn order to acquire more detailed information, please change the "Use exception handler" setting.
error.cannotshowusagegraph,Graph of usage time cannot be displayed because running time is insufficient. Please try again after about 1 minute passes.
error.invalidipport,The port number is invalid. Please pick a number between 1024 and 65535.
error.sstp.cannotlisten,Failed to set up a connection on that port number.\nPlease check that the port number is not invalid, and does not overlap with a port number used by another application.
error.nofile,An essential file and/or directory was not found.\nPlease re-install SSP or fix it manually.
error.browserexec,Failed to open browser.\nPlease check the setting in "Preferences"->"Applications"->"Browser"

error.tempboot,SSP is booting in a temporary directory.
error.uacboot,SSP is booting in a UAC protected directory.
error.asciiboot,SSP is booting in a directory that may not be accessible due to character encoding problems.
error.alreadyrunning,SSP seems to already be running.
error.bootanyway,This situation may cause data loss. Do you want to boot anyway?

//Ask / Info
info.threadbusy,Some commands are currently processing.\nPlease wait a few minutes and then quit again.\n\nDo you want to force it to terminate?
info.compatiblemode,This ghost may need legacy specification support.\nSwitch to old specification support mode?
info.notinstalled,Not installed.\nOpen the distribution URL?
info.delghost,Are you sure you want to delete this ghost?\nThis cannot be undone.
info.netconnection,Not connected to network, or it is currently the time you specified to prohibit the connection.\nDo you want to connect?
info.sstplog,Please specify maximum size of the SSTP log.\nIf the log file is bigger than this setting, the old file will be deleted.
info.sstpport,Please specify the SSTP port number to listen on. (0-65535)
info.serikowait,What percentage do you want to multiply the SERIKO "wait" timing by? (100 = normal)
info.charset,Please choose a default character encoding.
info.vanish,Uninstall function is disabled.\nPlease disable this setting and try again.
info.sender,Please input the Sender text to be passed to SHIORI\n(Materia: embryo  CROW: crow  Default: empty/ssp)

info.install.overwrite,Trying to install to an existing directory.\nDo you want to overwrite it?
info.install.overwrite.additional,Choose "Yes" to overwrite it.\nChoose "No" to automatically change the folder name and avoid overwriting.
info.install.refresh.a,Trying to do a clean (refresh) install in an existing directory.\nExisting data will be lost. Do you want to overwrite it?

info.install.invalidsupplement,This seems to be an invalid supplement file.\nInstall it anyway?
info.install.select,Please select an install destination.

info.recommended.g-to-b.change.recommend,You have selected a balloon outside of the ghost's recommendation.\nIf you switch to it, the ghost will behave unexpectedly.\nDo you want to switch to it anyway?
info.recommended.g-to-b.delete.default,You are about to delete the balloon "%2" that is specified as standard by the following ghosts:\n%1\nDo you want to delete it anyway?
info.recommended.g-to-b.delete.recommend,You are about to delete the balloon "%2" that is recommended by the following ghosts:\n%1\nIf you delete it, some ghost behavior may be wrong.\nDo you want to delete it anyway?

info.recommended.b-to-g.change.recommend,This balloon is a recommended (dedicated) balloon for the following ghosts:\n%1\nIt's not recommended to use this balloon with other ghosts.\nDo you want to switch to it anyway?
info.recommended.b-to-g.delete.recommend,All ghosts that are recommended by the balloon "%1" have been deleted.\nDo you want to delete this balloon also?

info.toomanyselection,You have selected a large number of items.\nAre you sure you want to execute?

info.errorlog,There is an Error and/or Warning. Click to view the Error Log.
info.overwrite,Already exists.\nOverwrite it?

info.developer,Make a contract with me and become a developer!\nIf you enable this feature, be prepared for all sorts of things, such as major spoilers for ghosts.\nDo you still want to enable it?

info.developer.exit,Currently in "Disable closing with \- tag" Mode.\nPlease change the developer palette setting to resume normal operation.
info.developer.update,Currently in "Updates are check only" Mode.\nPlease use the developer palette setting to resume normal operation.

info.virtualdesktop,Character has been displayed on another virtual desktop.

info.gcsakura.found,This ghost is already registered.
info.gcsakura.deny,Registration denied because of install.txt or robots.txt configuration.
info.gcsakura.nohomeurl,Required "homeurl" entry not found. Can't register a non-updatable ghost.
info.gcsakura.nocraftman,The craftman, craftmanw, or craftmanurl entry was not found. Can't register a ghost that has incomplete creator information.
info.gcsakura.disconnect,Can't connect to Ghost Captor Sakura server.

info.archivepassword.first,This archive/NAR is password protected.\nPlease input the password.
info.archivepassword.retry,Incorrect password.\nPlease input the correct password.

info.developer.testupdate,Please input the number of update files.

info.developer.timemachine,The "Change time virtually (TimeMachine)" function is activated.\nPlease use the developer palette to resume normal operation.
info.url.ghostboot,Do you want to launch the ghost specified in the URL that you are trying to open?

info.shortcut.desktop,Do you want to create a shortcut to this ghost on the desktop?
info.shortcut.startup,Do you want to make this ghost start automatically when the OS starts?

//Resource
resource.common.yesno,Yes,No
resource.common.okcancel,OK,Cancel
resource.common.addmoddel,Add,Modify,Delete
resource.common.other,Other
resource.common.menu,Menu
resource.common.sameas,Apply this choice to all subsequent items
resource.common.dontsayagain,Don't show this message again
resource.common.createnew,Create a new one

resource.listdialoglabel,Name,Creator,Path,Group,\0 name,\1 name,Installed,Last updated,Update result
resource.listdialogfind,Please input the text you want to find.
resource.scriptloglabel,Ghost,Type,Script

resource.biff.allaccount,&All Accounts

resource.browser.select,Select web browser
resource.mailer.select,Select mailer
resource.editor.select,Select editor
resource.filer.select,Select file manager
resource.svn.select,Select subversion EXE
resource.git.select,Select git EXE

resource.sound.select,Sound file
resource.schedule.date,Schedule:%d.%d.%d
resource.rateofuse.menu,Call ghost,Close ghost,Ghost not found,Delete this data

resource.setting.balloon.command,Do nothing,Same as left-click,Terminate script,Change direction,Change balloon offset,Show menu,Move character window
resource.setting.sstp.boot,Don't boot,Messenger only (SSTP/1.5),Boot ghosts as much as possible (IfGhost)
resource.setting.sstp.close,Close when balloon disappears,Leave,Set close timer...
resource.setting.update,Compatible with other clients,Strict (SSP default),Restore mode (check all files)
resource.aboutghost.select,Ghost information...,Shell information...,Balloon information...
resource.explorer.select,Ghost,Shell,Balloon,Headline,Plugin

resource.setting.ghostcloseduration,Time until ghost closes
resource.setting.title,SSP: Configuration
resource.setting.messengerlabel,User name,Address,Port,Group
resource.setting.dirservlabel,Service,Logon,Description
resource.setting.ipportlabel,Port,Status
resource.setting.bifflabel,Account,Address,Auto check

resource.update.latest,You are using latest version. No need to update.
resource.update.exist,A new version is available. Do you want to download it?
resource.update.error,Can't check SSP's version.

resource.schedule.type,Event,Meeting,Appointment,Reservation,Deadline,Party,Date,Work,Outing,TV,Program recording,CD release,Game release,Video/DVD release,Book/Magazine date,Other release

//Script
script.biff.check,Checking email...
script.biff.result,Emails have arrived.\n%1 email(s), %2 byte(s).
script.updatedata.creating,Creating network update file...
script.updatedata.created,Network update file created.
script.nar.creating,Creating NAR...
script.nar.created,NAR Created.

//Messenger
messenger.info.deluser,Deleting selected recipients. Are you sure?

//POP
biff.info.delaccount,Deleting selected account. Are you sure?

//LOG
log.definedtwice,is defined twice.
log.boundrectempty,Bounding rectangle empty.
log.offset,Offset error.
log.notfound,not found.
log.empty,is empty.
log.noimage,has no image.
log.invalid,is invalid
log.typo,is invalid
log.orphan,is not used anywhere.
log.bracebeginnotfound,"{" not found.
log.braceendnotfound,"}" not found.
log.braceextrachar,Extra character after "{" or "}".
log.newold,You are writing in the new definition even though the old definition is specified. Or, you forgot to use "descript { version,1 }".
log.oldnew,You are writing in the old definition even though the new definition is specified.
log.invalidalias,Invalid alias (file name).
log.urlslashadd,Please add a "/" to the end of the URL.
log.deletetxtconflict,is also in delete.txt
log.compatibility,compatibility problem in this definition.
log.moduleerror,Communication error. Is the file corrupt?
log.similar,-- repeat of similar log message: x
log.pngpna,Size of this PNA is different from its PNG, or the PNA isn't grayscale: 
log.lavfilter,You can try to install LAV Filters ( https://github.com/Nevcairiel/LAVFilters/releases ) and restart SSP to solve this problem.
